hey guys my name is Matty meow and today
I have taken up another challenge you
guys know me by now I like to do these
crazy setups that you guys suggest every
once in a while and today isn't
necessarily a crazy suggestion but I'm
gonna be using the mp443 pistol I've
been getting a lot of requests recently
to do a pistol only video and since I'm
always talking about the the mp443 and
how it's very trusty to me that I should
give it a go and jump onto a server
against you know a normal server with
people that are using all of their
primary weapons and so not jumping into
you a pistol only server because that
would kind of defeat the purpose of this
challenge and so I wasn't exactly sure
how I would do I mean I've done pistol
only videos in the past but they're
usually with weapons or pistols that do
a lot of damage I think I did one for
the Magnum or the m1911 and those
weapons while they do have their
disadvantages one of the strengths of
them is that they hit really hard and so
even if you are going against someone
who was using a primary weapon you can
usually get by it's just because of the
high damage model of the weapons but the
mp443 doesn't hit as hard as them and so
I wasn't exactly sure how successful I
was going to be but this challenge was
an absolute blast
I was destroying people I went on some
of the most ridiculous kill streaks that
I probably shouldn't have deserved to go
on but it was it was truly amazing
so the mp443 kind of has average stats
when you compare it to all of the other
pistols in the game it's gonna do 25
damage up close a shot and then as you
move further and further away and it
gets to its lowest damage it's going to
do thirteen point seven five so you're
gonna want to use this up close I mean
that makes sense this is a pistol weapon
you're not gonna want to try sniping
people from a distance and those stats
just verify that type of gameplay it
also has a decent rounds per minute it's
gonna have an RPM of 400 which is once
again very average it's not the worst
those would be the Magnum clocking in at
180 and then the best is the g18 which
if I believe is 900 rounds per minute so
it's loon once again very average in
that department but what's nice about
this weapon is that at least for me it
just feels really
sistent and I think one of the
contributing factors of that is that it
has 18 rounds its magazine so it gives
you a lot of room for error and it gives
you plenty of bullets to take out even
multiple targets if you are if you're on
fire and your accuracy is true but also
its recoil is extremely manageable I
mean it's it's not going to deviate on
the left or the right very significantly
it has a very low first shot initial
recoil so it's really easy to manage
this weapon and one of the nice aspects
of it is basically if you find an enemy
all you really have to do is aim for
like their upper chest or their neck and
fire two or three shots off and because
of the headshot multiplier and just
because that very slight recoil you aim
right there the second bullet is going
to give you a head shot and you can drop
your target technically in two rounds
but usually just three shots and you're
good to go and if you are really
accurate and he can pull that off on
multiple targets you're gonna drop
people fairly quickly at least within
close range engagements and that was
kind of what I was trying to do when I
was playing on strike at Karkand I had
just this ridiculous kill streak where I
actually ran out of ammunition by the
end of it I would just run around all
over the place and it could have been do
for many reasons and I think maybe some
of the enemies that I was going against
were kind of clueless and wasn't weren't
exactly sure what was going on at times
but I was trying to be extremely
aggressive and to try to take my enemies
by surprise and that's kind of how you
want to play with a close encounter
weapon in general as you want to just
get in there and take advantage of the
weapons stats and because of course the
mp443 is a close encounter weapon I just
really tried to get up in people's grill
and take advantage of it another thing I
was trying to take advantage of is that
the mp443 has a very fast reload time
it's short reload is 1.35 seconds so if
you have a bullet still in the chamber
it's gonna be very quick but even if you
go through your entire rounds it's only
gonna take you 1.6 seconds and so you
always feel like you're ready to go and
even if you aren't able to take out that
target you can just quickly pop behind
the corner or something like that
they're assuming you're going through a
really long animation with their primary
weapon they get really aggressive on you
and then you're just popping right back
out there through the kind of that
sprint animation
they're not ready for and then you're
able to take him out I can't tell you
how many times I slayed my enemies
simply because I caught them off-guard
because I think they were assuming that
I was reloading but because I was using
of course a pistol I was ready to go and
just basically under a second and so I
try to take advantage of that as much as
I possibly could so as you guys can
imagine the reason why this was
difficult and the reason why this was a
challenge was because of course the
mp443 is a secondary weapon and I'm
gonna be going against players who are
using primary guns and then when that's
all you have I'm not saying the mp443 is
a bad gun by any means but when that's
all are you are using and you're always
going against people that are using
primaries it's not gonna be easy to go
on kill streaks and that's you know what
makes this also so much fun is when you
do go on those kill streaks you know
that you did that with just your pistol
with just your secondary weapon and so
what it required me to do is I had to be
on and I had to be really accurate and
as I said if I was really on my game and
I was able to get a bunch of headshots
I could take out multiple targets with
one magazine and so if I was able to
make everything work if my accuracy was
just dead-on
I was competing with people that were
even using high rate of fire weapons I
was taking them by surprise as I
mentioned before I was able to get a
couple of headshots off and I was
dropping people where I could clearly
see they were using m16a3 s they were
using the f2000 bae Ches and the
satisfaction of taking them out and
taking them out consistently with the
mp443 is just awesome so overall I loved
this challenge and I realized it wasn't
my normal crazy setups like using the
EOD bot by itself or shooting mines to
slay my enemies but I thought it was a
nice change of pace from what I normally
do and it definitely wasn't easy by any
means but pulling it off it was just so
satisfying and I'm definitely glad that
it did it but that is about it for
today's video guys if you have a
terrible weapon setup that you would
like me to try next let me know down
below in the comment section also make
sure to thumbs up the ones you would
also like me to try put until tomorrow
guys have a good one and take it easy